DocBlock: `tribe_create_venue()` (#4586)
the-events-calendar/the-events-calendar: readme.txt

= [6.5.1] TBD =

> * Tweak - Add note to `tribe_create_venue()` docblock to indicate future deprecation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Tweak - Add note to `tribe_create_venue()`, `tribe_create_event()`.... docblock to indicate future deprecation.
```
Maybe we consolidate these changelog entries into one when you're done.

Reviewer 2: I like that.

> * Tweak - Add note to `tribe_create_venue()` docblock to indicate future deprecation.
> * Tweak - Add note to `tribe_create_organizer()` docblock to indicate future deprecation.
> * Tweak - Add note to `tribe_create_event()` docblock to indicate future deprecation.
> * Tweak - Add note to `tribe_event_update()` docblock to indicate future deprecation.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Tweak - Add note to `tribe_create_venue()`, `tribe_create_organizer()`, `tribe_create_event()`, and `tribe_event_update()` docblocks to indicate future deprecation.
```

Reviewer 3: Consolidate them into one entry.
